one of the biggest mistakes i see is
that companies are spending a lot on
advertising
be it paid advertisements like google
ads or facebook ads
or maybe they're investing in search
engine optimization webinars whatever it
is to drive
traffic to their website or their
landing pages
but when they're sending visitors to
their website landing page they're
making it so hard
for those prospects to do business with
them so
as soon as they land on the landing page
or home page they're you're not giving a
clear idea the businesses aren't giving
a clear idea of how
they can make this potential customers
life better the problem they solve
or the issue they fix to to essentially
help their business so that's one of the
main things and then there's
when you're ready when the person wants
to do business with them so a lot of us
if we're in a service industry we want
uh people to crack a demo
or request a consultation or request a
free quote
whatever that may be or if we're in the
b2c ecom side of things we want them to
purchase so
there's no clear call to actions or if
they are
they're very few and far apart and it's
quite difficult to get in touch so
my point is make it as easy as possible
for people as soon as you land on your
website to understand
exactly how you help them or the problem
you fix and
give people as many ways to get in touch
as you as possible no matter what page
or section of your site
your website or landing page you land on
so as soon as they come to your site
here's how we help you do x here's how
we make way better
get get a free consultation request a
demo or call us
or use live chat give the customer or
the prospective customer as many ways as
possible
to to get in touch with you or do
business don't make it hard because
you've invested that time
or that money into marketing to make it
nice and easy to actually get the
inbound inquiry or the inbound cell
in the first place